title: Software Development Engineer

party: ActX, Inc.

locale: Seattle, WA

pay: Full-time

type: Full-time

setting: None

details: ActX is a dynamic Seattle company in the emerging field of precision medicine. Our cutting-edge products bring the power of genetics to everyday medical practice.
We are seeking a sharp, talented Software Development Engineer with a passion for coding, love of technology, and the desire to have a positive impact on people’s health. To apply, you must be a US citizen or green card holder who meets the following profile:

 Lives in the greater Seattle area
 BS degree in Computer Science or Mathematics, from a US or Canadian university
 An overachiever who learns new technologies quickly
 2+ years of software development experience, with a proven ability to write quality software
 Working knowledge of Java and/or Ruby
 Bioinformatics experience is a plus but not required

This is a rewarding, full-time position for a motivated developer who brings energy, drive, and talent to our mission. We offer a unique, small-team environment where innovative processes drive productivity and a competitive compensation package including PTO, health/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and stock options.
TO APPLY:
If you’re looking for a great opportunity to join an emerging industry leader, email your cover letter and resume today!
Job Type: Full-time
Benefits:

 401(k) matching
 Dental insurance
 Flexible spending account
 Health insurance
 Life insurance
 Paid time off
 Vision insurance

Schedule:

 Monday to Friday

Work Location: RemoteIf you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Senior Engineer- SDE

party: Capgemini

locale: Redmond, WA 98052

pay: $65,200 - $158,550 a year

type: Full-time

setting: None

details: 
 
  Senior Engineer- SDE
  
   072052
  
 
 
 
  
    
    
    Who We Are: 
    About Capgemini Engineering 
    World leader in engineering and R&amp;D services, Capgemini Engineering combines its broad industry knowledge and cutting-edge technologies in digital and software to support the convergence of the physical and digital worlds. Coupled with the capabilities of the rest of the Group, it helps clients to accelerate their journey towards Intelligent Industry. Capgemini Engineering has more than 55,000 engineer and scientist team members in over 30 countries across sectors including Aeronautics, Space, Defense, Naval, Automotive, Rail, Infrastructure &amp; Transportation, Energy, Utilities &amp; Chemicals, Life Sciences, Communications, Semiconductor &amp; Electronics, Industrial &amp; Consumer, Software &amp; Internet. 
    Capgemini Engineering is an integral part of the Capgemini Group, a global leader in partnering with companies to transform and manage their business by harnessing the power of technology. The Group is guided every day by its purpose of unleashing human energy through technology for an inclusive and sustainable future. It is a responsible and diverse organization of over 340,000 team members in more than 50 countries. With its strong 55-year heritage and deep industry expertise, Capgemini is trusted by its clients to address the entire breadth of their business needs, from strategy and design to operations, fueled by the fast evolving and innovative world of cloud, data, AI, connectivity, software, digital engineering and platforms. The Group reported in 2021 global revenues of €18 billion. 
    Visit us at www.capgemini.com. Get the Future You Want! 
    Capgemini discloses salary range information in compliance with state and local pay transparency obligations. The disclosed range represents the lowest to highest salary we, in good faith, believe we would pay for this role at the time of this posting, although we may ultimately pay more or less than the disclosed range and the range may be modified in the future. The disclosed range takes into account the wide range of factors that are considered in making compensation decisions including, but not limited to, geographic location, relevant education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, seniority, performance, sales or revenue-based metrics, and business or organizational needs. At Capgemini, it is not typical for an individual to be hired at or near the top of the range for their role. The base salary range for the tagged location is [$ 65,200 - $158,550 /yr].
     
    
    This role may be eligible for other compensation including variable compensation, bonus, or commission. Full-time regular employees are eligible for paid time off, medical/dental/vision insurance, 401(k), and any other benefits to eligible employees.
     
     
    Note: No amount of pay is considered to be wages or compensation until such amount is earned, vested, and determinable. The amount and availability of any bonus, commission, or any other form of compensation that is allocable to a particular employee remains in the Company's sole discretion unless and until paid and may be modified at the Company’s sole discretion, consistent with the law
   
  
 
 
 
  
    
  
  What you’ll do:
   
   
  As, a Senior Engineer- SDE, you will be responsible for managing new features on Microsoft product/s and build CI CD pipeline. 
  
   Code entire software solutions to solve current problems, identify and fix issues within their areas of expertise., with focus on Build activities product life cycle. 
   Participate as a CODEOWNER within their expertise. 
   Automate unit, integration, and end to end testing solutions and incorporate with the testing team flow. Be able to run your code in pre-production and ensure quality. 
   Deploy your solutions across environments and platforms, including production releases. 
   Provide operational support of your deployed code and all code within your domain of expertise. 
   Determine issues within the entire team and prevent problems from occurring. 
   Design and create the documentation for the entire system down to the details to meet team needs. 
   Coordinate across all business teams to identify, resolve, mitigate and prevent technical issues, risks, and provide solutions. Other job-related duties as assigned 
  
  
  What you’ll have:
   
   
  
   4-year degree in Computer Science or related field with 3+ years of experience 
   3+ years of hands- on experience with C#, .NET core, .NET. 
   2+ years working on Build team 
   3+ years of experience in DevOps deployments 
   3+ years of experience in Azure (EC2, Lambda, S3, CloudWatch or any cloud 
   3+ years of experience in CICD tools (Source Control, Build, Deploy) 
   3+ years (GitHub, Jenkins, Spinnaker) 
   Ability to troubleshoot high complexity issues 
   Ability to communicate across all teams within the organization to provide solutions 
   Ability to take a given problem and execute a solution
  
   
   
  
  EEOC 
  Capgemini is an Equal Opportunity Employer encouraging diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national origin, gender identity/expression, age religion, disability, sexual orientation, genetics, veteran status, marital status, or any other characteristic protected by law.
   
   
  This is a general description of the Duties, Responsibilities and Qualifications required for this position. Physical, mental, sensory, or environmental demands may be referenced in an attempt to communicate the manner in which this position traditionally is performed. Whenever necessary to provide individuals with disabilities an equal employment opportunity, Capgemini will consider reasonable accommodations that might involve varying job requirements and/or changing the way this job is performed, provided that such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship.
   
   
  Click the following link for more information on your rights as an Applicant http://www.capgemini.com/resources/equal-employment-opportunity-is-the-law
   
   
 
 
 
  Job Programmer/Analyst
 
 
   Schedule Full-time
 
 
   Primary Location US-WA-Redmond
 
 
   Organization ERD PPL US
 
Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: DevOps Engineer

party: Landmark Global

locale: Washington State

pay: $110,000 - $125,000 a year

type: Full-time

setting: Remote

details: Company Background
Landmark Global are the experts in international delivery by combining postal networks and alternative delivery providers. We are part of the North American division of bpost, Belgium’s national postal service, with expertise in parcels &amp; logistics. Bpost employs more than 20,000 people, handles billions of shipments per year and delivers to more than five million addresses every day.
For more than a decade, Landmark Global, with its roots in SoCal, has enabled our customers to expand globally. Our business has grown from basic international mail and parcel delivery to full service, end-to-end solutions. This includes parcel delivery, fulfillment, proprietary technology and trade consulting, which provide our clients the capability to sell to millions of customers worldwide. We are strategically located close to our customers worldwide, covering most time zones.
Our technology is web-based, scalable and agile. Mercury, our proprietary web-based software, was developed on the foundations of our logistics expertise and client requests. We provide a flexible application that works with any existing technologies.
Position Summary
We’re growing quickly across 4 continents and have many exciting technologies to support! We are looking for someone with strong knowledge and experience of supporting cloud &amp; internal server infrastructure to support our flagship, homegrown web application in addition to other corporate systems. This position will help transform our infrastructure to the next level of automation, security and stability.
Job Description
Core responsibilities will include the following areas:
● Maintain and monitor the cloud infrastructure in AWS.
● Deploy/Update cloud instances using Chef.
● Define network and security structure using CloudFormation.
● Check for security issues in AWS using tools such as Trendmicro Cloud Conformity and Rapid 7 IDR.
● Maintain and monitor the network infrastructure between AWS and our 10+ North America locations.
● Create/maintain scripts to automate processes.
● Research new technology for improvements
● Work closely with the Development and IT Operations teams to provide needed tools and resources.
● Additional duties as assigned.
Position Requirements
● 4-6 years relevant work experience.
● Bachelor’s degree preferred, but not required.
● Strong knowledge of Chef and other services offered in AWS.
● Experience with application containerization (Docker, Kubernetes).
● Experience with vagrant with Virtualbox and QEMU.
● Experience with implementation of CI/CD.
● Strong understanding of cloud security.
● Strong knowledge of Linux operating system.
Landmark Global is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran status, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws, regulations, and ordinances.
Landmark Global is committed to ensuring that its online application process provides an equal employment opportunity to all job seekers, including individuals with disabilities. If you believe you need a reasonable accommodation in order to search for a job opening or to submit an application, please contact us by visiting www.landmarkglobal.com. We will work to assist disabled job seekers whose disability prevents them from being able to apply online.
Candidate Privacy Notice – Learn about how we use the personal data you submit as a job applicant by visiting our website at https://landmarkglobal.com/us/en/candidate-privacy-notice
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $110,000.00 - $125,000.00 per year
Benefits:

 401(k)
 Dental insurance
 Employee assistance program
 Health insurance
 Life insurance
 Paid time off
 Referral program
 Vision insurance

Schedule:

 8 hour shift
 Monday to Friday

Supplemental pay types:

 Bonus pay

Experience:

 CI/CD implementation: 2 years (Preferred)
 Cloud infrastructure maintenance: 2 years (Preferred)
 Chef: 2 years (Preferred)

Work Location: RemoteIf you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Software Developer

party: Anderson Electric Controls Inc

locale: Kent, WA 98031

pay: $67,200 - $123,200 a year

type: Full-time

setting: None

details: POSITION: Software Developer
COMPANY: We are a small company (~15 employees) that designs, builds, and supports products primarily for automotive testing, aerospace testing, mining electrics, and renewable energy testing.
ESSENTIAL SKILLS: This job requires:

 Designing, testing, and maintaining codebases in C/C++, C#.NET, and NI LabVIEW programming languages
 Working both independently and part of a team
 Willingness to work around systems operating at high voltages, high currents, and high rotational speeds
 Willingness to get hands-on with hardware for validation and troubleshooting
 Willingness to work with coworkers and customers to write specifications, brainstorm solutions, and troubleshoot problems
 Self-directed improvement and maintenance of software products
 Prioritizing requirements and adjusting strategy when requirements change
 Coordinating with coworkers specializing in non-software disciplines (electrical, mechanical, drafting, manufacturing, business, marketing)
 Providing technical support to field operations both remotely and while traveling onsite
 Willingness to travel when required for troubleshooting at customer sites (typically 0-4 weeks per year)

EDUCATION / EXPERIENCE:

 Proficiency with C#, WPF, .NET, and Visual Studio
 Proficiency with NI LabVIEW and NI DAQ platforms including Compact RIO and PXI
 Proficiency with C and C++ (embedded Linux or Windows)
 Proficiency designing and maintaining User Interfaces in languages including C#.NET and LabVIEW
 Proficiency designing and maintaining communication drivers in languages including C/C++, C#.NET, and LabVIEW
 Proficiency debugging communication protocols including TCP/IP, UDP, CAN, and EtherCAT
 Proficiency testing and troubleshooting software on Windows and embedded Linux
 (Nice to have) Proficiency with industrial PLCs (typ. Allen Bradley)
 (Nice to have) Proficiency with control systems
 (Nice to have) Proficiency with embedded Linux and Yocto
 (Nice to have) Proficiency using CLI debuggers, protocol analyzers, Wireshark and network taps
 Proficiency with Microsoft Office software (especially Word, Excel, and Visio)
 Proficiency with version control systems including Subversion and Git
 Ability to read electrical and mechanical schematics
 Ability to work safely around electrical and mechanical systems
 Ability to maintain computers and software used for development
 Minimum requirement for all positions is a high school diploma or GED
 Must have effective verbal and written communication skills in the English language

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

 Wage range for this role is between $30 and $55 an hour plus a discretionary bonus, 401(k), vacation, and health benefits. Employees can also receive additional pay for overtime and off-site work. The range provided is Anderson’s estimate of the base compensation for this role. Actual amount offered will be based on job-related and non-discriminatory factors such as experience, location, education, training, skills, and abilities.

Not sure you meet all the qualifications? We encourage you to still apply! We’ll review your application and may have training opportunities or other positions available.
Physical Demands: While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to engage in long complex discussions, conference calls, and technical reviews. Further, lab work using hand tools and instruments is common when manipulating objects or controls. The employee is regularly required to stand and walk. On occasion, the incumbent may be required to stoop, bend, or reach above the shoulders. The employee must occasionally lift up to 32 pounds. Specific conditions of this job include are typical of frequent and continuous computer-based work requiring periods of sitting, close vision, and ability to adjust focus. Occasional travel.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $67,200.00 - $123,200.00 per year
Benefits:

 401(k)
 Dental insurance
 Health insurance
 Paid time off
 Vision insurance

Schedule:

 8 hour shift
 Monday to Friday
 No weekends

Application Question(s):

 Do you currently live in Washington State?

Experience:

 REST: 1 year (Preferred)
 Java: 1 year (Preferred)

Work Location: In personIf you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Software Engineer III (Full Stack)

party: MedBridge Inc.

locale: Washington State

pay: $130,000 - $175,000 a year

type: Full-time

setting: Remote

details: 
 Join the team shaping the future of healthcare! MedBridge is a dynamic software company working with the country’s largest healthcare providers to build technology solutions helping patients get better faster, while decreasing the overall cost of care. Our Engineering team is growing and looking for a Software Engineer III to join us! We hire in the following states: AZ, CO, FL, IL, MA, MI, MN, NC, NY, OR, PA, TX, UT, VA, WA, WI.
  The U.S. Healthcare industry is going through a transformation. Patients want access to better healthcare tools and experiences and healthcare systems are stretched beyond capacity and adapting to the new normal after the pandemic. In this role you'll be working on the teams that are being tasked with solving these problems.
  Why work at MedBridge?
 
   We are mission driven. We are not just in it for the money. We believe continuing education improves the lives of both medical professionals and the patients they care for.
   We create award-winning products. In 2022 alone, we’ve won American “Stevie” Awards for Best Professional Education App and the 2022 MedTech: Digital Health Innovations award.
   We’re a fast-growing company where you’ll have opportunities to develop your career. We were named one of the Top 100 Fastest Growing Companies by the Puget Sound Business Journal (PSBJ) as well as an Inc. 5,000 Fastest-Growth Company for 2022.
   You’ll make an impact here. Even as we grow, our individual teams remain small and dynamic, meaning the work of every individual matters.
   Our customers love MedBridge! We have a nearly 100% client retention rate and are continuing that work in 2023 and beyond.
 
  Responsibilities:
 
   Help own and update existing production services
   Design and implement new services to help fulfill business requirements
   Help develop documentation and procedures to allow other teams to implement services faster and autonomously
 
  Requirements:
 
   5+ years of experience as professional software engineer
   2+ years of experience contributing to the architecture and design (architecture, design patterns, reliability, and scaling) of new and existing web applications
   1+ years of experience as a mentor, tech lead, or leading an engineering team
   Experience and strong proficiency with building web applications using Go, PHP and Angular
   Experience and strong proficiency with MySQL or other relational database
   Experience writing automated unit and integration tests
   A Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, related field, or equivalent industry experience
 
  Our Culture:
 
   Passion. We love what we do, and we find inspiration in our passion for improving patient care with innovative products.
   Collaboration. We seek and welcome feedback from colleagues, clinicians, and patients, knowing that collaboration leads to greater success.
   Resourcefulness. We’re continuously iterating and optimizing for long-term success and efficiency. We think of creative ways to solve the problem at hand.
   Quality. Quality in our work is of utmost importance; we hold ourselves and our teammates to higher standards because the quality of our work directly impacts lives.
   Customer-centric. Our success and continued growth are driven by products customers love.
   Personal health and wellness. MedBridge contributes generously to medical, dental, and vision benefits. We provide paid sick time, vacation time, parental leave, and personal days, and we offer a 401(k) with a company match.
   Professional growth. We offer an annual stipend plus two days of paid time off for you to attend the professional development course of your choice.
 
  Compensation Range: $130K - $175K
  At MedBridge, salary ranges are assigned to a job based on 3rd party salary benchmark surveys. Individual pay within this range is informed by the candidate's skills, capabilities and experience.
  We embrace diversity and are an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran. No matter your background, your orientation, your identity expression, or whatever else makes you unique, if you want to raise the bar and join an amazing team of passionate people, then we'd love to work alongside you at MedBridge.
  Now it’s your turn. If you liked what you’ve read and think MedBridge would be a great career choice for you, apply now and our Recruiting team will quickly follow up with you.
If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Embedded Software Engineer

party: Actalent

locale: Tukwila, WA 98108

pay: $60 - $80 an hour

type: Contract

setting: None

details:  

 Description:
 
  Specify, design, develop, and test SW that commands and communicates with embedded devices, generally in C, Embedded Linux
  Need them to be pretty self-sufficient but also be comfortable working in a collaborative environment to seek out input, interface and requirement definition, etc.
  Probably 5-7+ years experience in general but can be flexible
  Prefer someone with familiarity/expertise with: C, Embedded Linux, Gitlab
  Develop and document software requirements and verification plans; develop software use-cases
  Support development of software architecture
  Design and develop and test flight software code and related test scripts
  Ensure that adequate test, inspection, and analysis reports verify compliance with the requirements
  Support major customer reviews of software integration &amp; test efforts
  Resolve bugs found by yourself, other developers, test engineers, systems engineers, production, or operations
 
  Skills:
  software development, C, embedded, hardware, linux, embedded c, avionics, satellites, python, c++, Electrical Engineer, Computer engineer, Embedded linux, gitlab, xilinx
  Additional Skills &amp; Qualifications:
 
  Must be a U.S. Person. Due to government regulation of the space industry, this requirement cannot be waived.
  Bachelor of Science or greater in Electrical or Computer Engineering, or a related field
  5+ years of experience delivering and maintaining commercial software in a production environment
  Expertise with Linux and C
  Familiarity with software version control management tools such as Git
  Passion for working closely with hardware
 
  Bonus Skills:
 
  Knowledge of Python and C++
  Experience in high reliability, safety critical, or regulated environments
  Knowledge of FPGA (e.g. VHDL) 
  Experience with requirements management tools (e.g. JAMA, DOORs, etc.)
  Experience with software scheduling and tasking tools (e.g. Jira)
  Experience with integrating open source software with internal development
  Capability to use electrical measurement equipment i.e.: function generators, oscilloscopes
 
  
 
 About Actalent: 
 Actalent connects passion with purpose. Our scalable talent solutions and services capabilities drive value and results and provide the expertise to help our customers achieve more. Every day, our experts around the globe are making an impact. We’re supporting critical initiatives in engineering and sciences that advance how companies serve the world. Actalent promotes consultant care and engagement through experiences that enable continuous development. Our people are the difference. Actalent is an operating company of Allegis Group, the global leader in talent solutions. 
  The company is an equal opportunity employer and will consider all applications without regards to race, sex, age, color, religion, national origin, veteran status, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or any characteristic protected by law.
If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Software Engineer

party: Salesforce

locale: Seattle, WA 98103

pay: $156,030 - $168,700 a year

type: Full-time

setting: None

details: 
 To get the best candidate experience, please consider applying for a maximum of 3 roles within 12 months to ensure you are not duplicating efforts. 
 
 Job Category Software Engineering 
 
 Job Details 
 Salesforce Inc. seeks Software Engineer in Seattle, WA: 
 
 Job Duties : Formulate, implement, and evaluate algorithms for platform and application. Create code for front-end development. Work closely with Quality Engineering, Product Management, and Technical Operations to develop, test, and deploy highly useful, high quality software. Analyze, design and develop test cases and implement automated test suites. Resolve complex technical issues and drive innovation that improves salesforce. Telecommuting is an option. Some travel to Salesforce’s offices is required. ˆAbove address additionally encompasses the following Salesforce locations in the Seattle area: 1621 North 34th Street, Seattle, WA 98103, 744 N. 34th St. Seattle, WA 98103, 1000 N. Northlake Way, Seattle, WA 98103, and 400 Urban Plaza, Suite 700 Kirkland, WA 98033. The permanent position may be offered at any of these locations in the Seattle area. 
 
 Minimum Requirements : Master’s degree (or its foreign degree equivalent) in Computer Science, Engineering (any field), or a related quantitative discipline. 
 
 A related technical degree required (Computer Science, Engineering (any field). 
 
 Special Skill Requirements : (1) Java; (2) C++; (3) C; (4) HTML; (5) JavaScript; (6) SQL; (7) R; (8) Python; (9); MongoDB (10) NoSQL; (11) Golang; (12) XML; (13) PostreSQL; (14) C#; (15) Splunk; (16) Google API. Any suitable combination of education, training and/or experience is acceptable. Education, experience and criminal background checks will be conducted. Telecommuting is an option. Some travel to Salesforce’s office is required. 
 
 Salary : $156,030.00 - $168,700.00 per annum 
  Certain roles may be eligible for incentive compensation, equity, and benefits. More details about company benefits can be found at the following link: https://www.salesforcebenefits.com . 
 
 Submit a resume using the apply button on this posting or by email at: onlinejobpostings@salesforce.com at Job #21-1264. Salesforce is an Equal Opportunity &amp; Affirmative Action Employer. Education, experience and criminal background checks will be conducted. 
 
 #LI-DNI 
 
 Accommodations 
 If you require assistance due to a disability applying for open positions please submit a request via this Accommodations Request Form . 
 
 Posting Statement 
 At Salesforce we believe that the business of business is to improve the state of our world. Each of us has a responsibility to drive Equality in our communities and workplaces. We are committed to creating a workforce that reflects society through inclusive programs and initiatives such as equal pay, employee resource groups, inclusive benefits, and more. Learn more about Equality at Salesforce and explore our benefits. 
 
 Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org are Equal Employment Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employers. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender perception or identity, national origin, age, marital status, protected veteran status, or disability status. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org do not accept unsolicited headhunter and agency resumes. Salesforce.com and Salesforce.org will not pay any third-party agency or company that does not have a signed agreement with Salesforce.com or Salesforce.org . 
 
 Salesforce welcomes all. 
 
 More details about our company benefits can be found at the following link: https://www.getsalesforcebenefits.com/ 
 
 For Washington-based roles, the base salary hiring range for this position is $156,030 to $168,700. 
 
 Compensation offered will be determined by factors such as location, level, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Certain roles may be eligible for incentive compensation, equity, benefits. More details about our company benefits can be found at the following link: https://www.salesforcebenefits.com.
Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Software Engineer - SE19695

party: Accenture

locale: Seattle, WA 98101

pay: $125,500 - $135,500 a year

type: None

setting: None

details: Position Overview: Seeking an experienced Software Engineer that has a demonstrated history of designing and developing digital experiences for a modern, streamlined customer experience in the financial sector. This client is interested in a creative and collaborative individual that will create innovative solutions to current infrastructure that will improve CI/CD pipeline and customer experience. 

 
Responsibilities:
 
 
 Design and develop innovative software solutions in a Full Stack environment. 
 Utilize JavaScript, Angular 2+, CSS and other related technologies to construct a portal platform ensuring high quality and responsiveness to frontend. 
 Utilize Java, Kotlin and Spring Boot to develop a streamlined backend. 
 Collaborating with a team to ensure standards for solution design, code, quality, and development tools are met through the SDLC, using tools such as Splunk, Gitlab, etc. 
 
Requirements:
 
 
 3+ years of experience in Java 
 Moderate proficiency in Kotlin is highly preferred. 
 Advanced knowledge of with frontend technologies HTML, Javascript, CSS, Angular 2+ and Typescript 
 Strong problem-solving and analytical skills 
 At Accenture , we understand that our people drive our success. We provide our team members with competitive weekly pay, a good working environment and an excellent combination of additional benefits like health and dental insurance, a 401(k) retirement savings plan with employer match, paid vacations, paid personal and sick time, paid holidays, on-the-job training, and opportunities for career growth and advancement. 

 
 
 Must ready to start within one month 
 No any type of visa sponsorship 
 Must be in the US 
 
Base Salary Range: $125,500.00 - $135,500.00If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Software Engineer

party: Droisys Inc

locale: Seattle, WA

pay: $70 - $80 an hour

type: Contract

setting: Hybrid remote

details: 
 Droisys is seeking Software Engineer for one of our Direct clients. If this position is a fit for you, share your up-to-date resume.  Title: Software Engineer Office Location: Seattle, WA Work Location: In Office/Hybrid  Terms: 3+ months 
 Not Available on C2C  Responsibilities: 
 
  Collaborate with the team to develop and enhance systems. 
  Utilize your strong Java and/or Python development skills to contribute to the development of software components. 
  Engage in both individual and collaborative work environments, where two or three team members may work together in certain situations. 
  Contribute to the development, testing, and documentation of software components. 
  Conduct deep dives into complex tasks or projects, when necessary, particularly for significant deliverables. 
  Work on predetermined deliverables, as the team has specific projects in mind upon your joining. 
  Assist the team by building tooling that enhances productivity. 
  Impact the quality, productivity, and testing capabilities of the team's three services within the training platform. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
  Minimum 5 years of experience in software engineering. 
  Strong proficiency in Java and/or Python development. 
  Familiarity with Kubernetes or equivalent container orchestration technologies. 
  Experience in distributed systems or working on infrastructure and search systems is highly relevant. 
  Exposure to Pollimi and Rubex is desirable. 
  Ability to work effectively both independently and in a collaborative team environment. 
  Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail. 
  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.
 
If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: CONTRACT - Associate Software Engineer (NST)

party: Nintendo

locale: Redmond, WA

pay: $30 - $50 an hour

type: Contract

setting: Hybrid remote

details: 

 
  
   Nintendo Software Technology Corporation 
  
  
  
   Nintendo Software Technology Corporation, based in Redmond, Washington , is a wholly owned subsidiary of the world's largest manufacturer and marketer of video games, Nintendo Co., Ltd., headquartered in Kyoto, Japan. Nintendo Software Technology's mission is to design, develop and deliver the very best video games. We conduct research, use state-of-the-art equipment and review methods of operation so that we may continually improve the quality of the games that we produce. Each person employed at Nintendo Software Technology Corporation is a valued team member and is encouraged to participate in our efforts to create the highest quality games. 
  
 
 
 
  
   ** This is a CONTRACT position 
  
 
 
 
  DESCRIPTION OF DUTIES: 
 
 
  Develop, write, test and debug code for assigned software projects. 
  Implement defined subset of tasks of assigned team and project. 
  Participation in company-wide activities such as product review, analysis and testing as required.
 
 



 
  SUMMARY OF REQUIREMENTS 
 
 
  Understanding of computer science and software design principles. 
  Ability to read and debug other engineers’ code. 
  Knowledge of the relevant programming languages (C/C++ and/or Web Development (HTML, JavaScript, and CSS)). 
  Undergraduate degree in Computer Science or related field; or equivalent education and experience. 
  Good organizational and communication skills. 
 
 
 
  ** This is a CONTRACT position 
 
 
 This contract position has a base pay range of $30 - $50 per hour and is eligible for benefits through the employing agency. Agency benefits may include medical, dental and vision, 401(k), basic/supplemental life and AD&amp;D insurance, short- and long-term disability insurance, health and dependent care spending accounts, transportation benefits, employee assistance program, paid sick leave, and up to 6 paid holidays per year. All benefits are subject to elections, eligibility requirements, plan and program terms. Benefits offerings will be confirmed at the time of offer by the employing agency, and may differ depending on the employing agency partner. 
 
  
   
     #LI-Hybrid
   
  
 
Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Software Engineer

party: Traverse Data

locale: Seattle, WA

pay: $65,000 - $100,000 a year

type: Full-time

setting: None

details: 
 About Traverse  
 Traverse is an identity resolution company helping marketers go beyond their active list, and engage in-market consumers within the email channel. It’s no secret that email is a highly effective communication tool for marketers to reach their active subscribers. Our aspirations for email are much bigger. 
  We enable marketers to reach people via email whom they currently have no means to do so, including: 
  
  Real-time identity resolution for anonymous website visitors 
  Former customers who are in-market again for their products 
  Identifying new customers who are in-market for products across the web 
  
 Founded by the same team that started and sold LeadSpend to Experian. 
  About the Position  
 The Traverse team is looking for a software engineer to help grow and maintain our existing products, and innovate into new areas. At its core, this position will revolve around working as part of our core development team to build out our evolving product offerings. We are a small and agile company, and put a high premium on the ability to work independently to achieve a goal. 
  We each wear many hats, and this role is no exception. Depending on the experience of the candidate, this role may expand to include additional responsibilities such as managing a development team, administering our stack in production, and maintaining our product roadmap and associated backlog. 
  The position will be located in Seattle, but full-time remote will be considered for the right candidate. Salary will range from $65,000 to $100,000 depending on experience. 
  As a future Software Engineer at Traverse, you are: 
 
  Well organized and self-motivated 
  An excellent developer, able to write efficient and clean code and maintain tests 
  Able to work both independently and as part of a team 
  A critical thinker, able to understand how technologies fit together and identify issues 
  
 Responsibilities may include: 
  
  Developing code for Traverse’s core products and ensuring all code is well tested 
  Interpreting user stories into technical needs and acceptance criteria 
  Reviewing pull requests and merging to our main code branch 
  Monitoring the platform production deploys 
  Contributing to deployment infrastructure (Jenkins and various automation) 
  
 Qualifications: 
  
  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related field 
  Excellent technical written and verbal communication skills 
  Excellent understanding of JavaScript, NodeJS, and Git 
  Experience building RESTful APIs, especially in Express and related frameworks 
  Experience in software architecture and design, especially with web applications and distributed systems 
  Experience working with data on a large scale, and an understanding the challenges it presents 
  Experience with network infrastructure, especially in AWS 
  
 Concrete Skills: 
  
  Node.js. Experience with Node Streams, Express.js, and Promises required. 
  AWS. Experience with Cloudformation, DynamoDb, Cloudwatch, SQS, and SWF desired. 
  SQL. Experience with AWS RDS, MySql, and/or PrestoDb desired. 
  Bash. Familiar with manipulating files using pipes and unix tools such as grep, awk, and compression utilities. 
  Jenkins. Experience managing a continuous delivery pipeline with automated tests and deployments. Experience with other CI platforms may be considered. 
  Git. Experience working within a Github organization, multiple repositories and pull requests. Other version control software experience may be considered. 
  
 This position is open to all candidates that meet the minimum qualifications. Traverse values diverse perspectives and life experiences. Applicants will be considered regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, ancestry, sex, marital status, disability, religious or political affiliation, age, sexual orientation, medical condition, or pregnancy. Traverse encourages people of all backgrounds to apply, including people of color, immigrants, refugees, women, LGBTQ, people with disabilities, veterans, and those with diverse life experiences. If you have questions, please contact sam@traversedata.com.
Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Software Engineer

party: TecAce

locale: Bellevue, WA 98004

pay: Full-time

type: Full-time

setting: None

details: 


 
  
   
    Requirements:
   
   
   
    
     
      
       
         
       
       
         Coming soon with more details on this job posting. 
       
      
     
     
      
       
         Thank you for being patient.
       
      
    
   
  
 
 
  
   
     
   
   
     Nice to have but not necessary:
   
   
   
    
     
      
       
         
       
       
         Coming soon
       
      
    
   
  
 



 
  
   
    PERKS &amp; BENEFITS
     Health Insurance
   
  
 
  
    
   
   
     Dental Insurance
   
  
 
  
    
   
   
     Vision Insurance
   
  
 
  
    
   
   
     Flexible Spending Account
   
  
 
  
    
   
   
     401(K) Retirement Plan
   
  
 
  
    
   
   
     Basic Term Life Insurance
   
  
 
On top of everything, Enjoy bottomless snacks and refreshments as well as a great team-working environment.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Software Engineer, Front End

party: Candid Health

locale: Seattle, WA

pay: $135,000 - $230,000 a year

type: Full-time

setting: None

details: 
 What you’ll be doing
 
   You’ll contribute to Candid Health’s product development.
   You’ll ensure there is UX consistency across various pages/components within the Candid app.
   You’ll interact closely with our current + prospective customers, developing intuition around their biggest pain points and thinking of creative ways to address them.
   You’ll play a critical role in shaping our engineering + broader company culture and help make this the best place we’ve ever worked.
   You’ll ensure we’re using the most relevant front end libraries and tooling.
   You'll have opportunities to build tooling and improvements for front-end dev ops. 
  You’ll be responsible for front end profiling and monitoring.
 
  Who you are
 
   You have Bachelors of Science or Bachelors of Arts/Sciences in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Mathematics, or similar degree.
   You have 4+ years of experience in a Software Engineering position.
   You have experience with HTML, CSS, React, Typescript, and API development. 
  You may have experience with server-side rendering, GraphQL, Tailwind, Firebase, and Codegen.
   You have great instincts around UX / Design.
   You take pride in your craft and enjoy building high-quality software but also believe that “done is better than perfect” and have good intuition around which corners are worth cutting and which aren’t.
   You have a learner’s mindset and value teaching others.
   You have a customer-first mindset.
   You’re a clear and concise communicator; you enjoy the challenge of explaining complicated ideas in simple terms, both in-person and in writing.
 
  Pay Transparency
  The estimated starting annual salary range for this position is $135,000 to $230,000 USD. The listed range is a guideline from Pave data, and the actual base salary may be modified based on factors including job-related skills, experience/qualifications, interview performance, market data, etc. Total compensation for this position may also include equity, sales incentives (for sales roles), and employee benefits. Given Candid Health’s funding and size, we heavily value the potential upside from equity in our compensation package. Further note that Candid Health has minimal hierarchy and titles, but has broad ranges of experience represented within roles.
If you require alternative methods of application or screening, you must approach the employer directly to request this as Indeed is not responsible for the employer's application process.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Software Engineer, University Graduate (Product RD and Infrastructure-Global E-Commerce-Platform Governance and Service)- 2023 (BS/MS)

party: ByteDance

locale: Seattle, WA

pay: $112,065 - $164,160 a year

type: None

setting: None

details: 
 Why Join Us 
At ByteDance, our people are humble, intelligent, compassionate and creative. We create to inspire - for you, for us, and for millions of users across all of our products. We lead with curiosity and aim for the highest, never shying away from taking calculated risks and embracing ambiguity as it comes. Here, the opportunities are limitless for those who dare to pursue bold ideas that exist just beyond the boundary of possibility. Join us and make impact happen with a career at ByteDance. 

 Team Introduction 
The platform governance and service team is responsible for ensuring a safe and trustworthy marketplace for all stakeholders: buyers, sellers and creators/influencers. We develop platform governance and risk assessment rules for all the participants and associated actions linked to the e-commerce platform. And with big data and various rules and algorithm models, we can identify those risks and abnormalities, evaluate the e-commerce ecosystem health to conduct timely guidance and intervention. 

 We are looking for talented individuals to join our team in 2023. As a graduate, you will get unparalleled opportunities for you to kickstart your career, pursue bold ideas and explore limitless growth opportunities. Co-create a future driven by your inspiration with ByteDance. 

 Successful candidates must be able to commit to one of the following start dates below: 
1. July 17, 2023 
2. August 14, 2023 
3. September 5, 2023 

 We will prioritize candidates who are able to commit to these start dates. Please state your availability and graduation date clearly in your resume. 

 Candidates can apply to a maximum of two positions and will be considered for jobs in the order you apply. The application limit is applicable to ByteDance and its affiliates' jobs globally. Applications will be reviewed on a rolling basis - we encourage you to apply early. 

 Technical Assessment 
Candidates who pass resume evaluation will be invited to participate in ByteDance's technical online assessment in HackerRank. 

 Responsibilities 

 
 Build a system that is data-and-algorithm-driven, with high concurrency, high availability, and low latency, including: 
 Dig deep into each important link of the e-commerce transaction pipeline, process and analyze e-commerce event data comprehensively and efficiently, and build loosely coupled system interactions together with various business fields. 
 Provides rich and flexible event access, processing, tracking and response capabilities 
 Provide advanced algorithms, rules and manual scheduling for calculation and risk identification capabilities, and maximizing identification efficiency, accuracy and throughput 
 Provides rapid data analysis capabilities for different areas (governance, experience and risk), ensuring we can efficiently develop and adopt new strategies to respond to rapid business needs and external threats 
 Provide flexible, efficient and accurate judgment and punishment capabilities, responding quickly to the changing requirements of the e-commerce platform. 
 Provide a wide array of features for consumers, merchants, and influencers to ensure that they have great experience and maximize their gain. 
 Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science or related technical discipline 
 Final year or recent graduate with a background in Software Development, Computer 
 Science, Computer Engineering, or a related technical discipline. 

 
 Experience with coding in Python, Java, Golang, C#, or C++. 
 Must obtain work authorization in country of employment at the time of hire, and maintain ongoing work authorization during employment. 
 Preferred Qualifications 

 
 Demonstrated software engineering experience from previous internship, work experience, coding competitions, or publications. 
 High levels of creativity and quick problem-solving capabilities. 
 ByteDance is committed to creating an inclusive space where employees are valued for their skills, experiences, and unique perspectives. Our platform connects people from across the globe and so does our workplace. At ByteDance, our mission is to inspire creativity and enrich life. To achieve that goal, we are committed to celebrating our diverse voices and to creating an environment that reflects the many communities we reach. We are passionate about this and hope you are too. 

 ByteDance Inc. is committed to providing reasonable accommodations in our recruitment processes for candidates with disabilities, pregnancy, sincerely held religious beliefs or other reasons protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance or a reasonable accommodation, please reach out to us at Accommodations-AMS@ByteDance.com. 

 By submitting an application for this role, you accept and agree to our global applicant privacy policy, which may be accessed here: https://jobs.bytedance.com/en/legal/privacy.Return to Search Result


¡-- NEXT JOB --!

title: Frontend Engineer

party: Hive

locale: Seattle, WA

pay: $120,000 - $180,000 a year

type: Full-time

setting: None

details: About Hive
Hive is the leading provider of cloud-based AI solutions for content understanding, trusted by the world’s largest, fastest growing, and most innovative organizations. The company empowers developers with a portfolio of best-in-class, pre-trained AI models, serving billions of customer API requests every month. Hive also offers turnkey software applications powered by proprietary AI models and datasets, enabling breakthrough use cases across industries. Together, Hive’s solutions are transforming content moderation, brand protection, sponsorship measurement, context-based ad targeting, and more.Hive has raised over $120M in capital from leading investors, including General Catalyst, 8VC, Glynn Capital, Bain &amp; Company, Visa Ventures, and others. We have over 250 employees globally in our San Francisco, Seattle, and Delhi offices. Please reach out if you are interested in joining the future of AI!
Frontend Engineer
Frontend Engineers are an essential part of the Hive Data and Hive Enterprise products. Working closely with designers, product owners, and other engineers, we implement the user interfaces that define our core platforms. We leverage the latest web technologies such as React, Redux, Webpack,* and ES6* to deliver innovative interfaces and rich user experiences. The team is small and fast moving, and you will be expected to iterate quickly and make software design decisions on product features. As a front-end engineer at Hive, your breadth of skills paired with our bottom-up product process will give you as much autonomy and responsibility as you can handle. We are looking for technically-strong teammates who are passionate about frontend technologies and thrive in a fast-paced environment.
Responsibilities

 Build robust, high performance, and scalable applications
 Work with the design and product teams to develop new features that are focused on user experience
 Actively participate in product decisions, ensuring we set reasonable development deadlines
 Look for opportunities to improve team efficiency and work with your team to implement improvements
 Utilize OWASP top 10 techniques to secure code from vulnerabilities
 Maintain awareness of industry best practices for data maintenance handling as it relates to your role
 Adhere to policies, guidelines and procedures pertaining to the protection of information assets
 Report actual or suspected security and/or policy violations/breaches to an appropriate authority

Requirements

 You have a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or equivalent
 You have at least 1 year of experience working in web development
 You have experience working with 3rd party APIs and libraries
 You have in-depth knowledge of JavaScript, HTML, CSS, and related web technologies
 You have a good grasp of React and Redux (or similar frameworks) and the concepts behind it
 You are capable of creating beautiful web products and have good UX sensibilities
 You are eager to learn new technologies and share your knowledge with your teammates
 You are receptive to feedback and always looking for opportunities to sharpen your skills
 You have excellent communication skills and experience in collaborative environments
 You write understandable, testable code with an eye towards maintainability and scalability

Who We Are
We are a group of ambitious individuals who are passionate about creating a revolutionary AI company. At Hive, you will have a steep learning curve and an opportunity to contribute to one of the fastest growing AI start-ups in San Francisco. The work you do here will have a noticeable and direct impact on the development of the company.
Thank you for your interest in Hive and we hope to meet you soon!
Employees are eligible to participate in a number of Company-sponsored benefits, including health, vision and dental insurance. Employees are also eligible to participate in a gym membership as part of our commitment to employee wellness. In addition, employees will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company's vacation policy.
Hired applicant may receive an equity grant in the form of an option to purchase stock in the future for a specified price.
Job Type: Full-time
Pay: $120,000.00 - $180,000.00 per year
Schedule:

 Monday to Friday

Work Location: In personReturn to Search Result

